## BikeWrench Code Sample
### For Domain7 Dev Review

Hey Domain7 Dev's. I have pulled out the main JS from my project [BikeWrench](https://getbikewrench.com/) for you here. I'll give you a quick rundown on the differences between React-Native and React (if you are not familiar with them), as well as the organization of the project.

React-Native is a superset of React. It takes the react core and adds an engine that renders native components for iOS and Android from the JSX, StyleSheets (styling that takes css styles, camel cases them, and adds SASS like attributes such as variables and functions), Native modules (camera, file system, ect.), and ES6/8 (arrow notation, async/await). In JSX, ```<View/>```  ~replaces ```<div/>```, ```<Text/>``` ~replaces ```<span/>```, ```<TouchableXXXX/>``` ~replaces ```<a/>```, and much of the layout is aided by Flexbox. React-Native isn't all that far from web development (where most of my experience was previously), but if you see something you have questions about don't hesitate to ask. 

The main elements of this code sample are a Navigator, Screens, Components, Actions, Reducers, and a Store. The Navigator is the main element that the app renders. It is similar to a router on the web - and it renders different screens based on things like authentication state and navigation commands. Screens are page-level components that the Navigator renders. Screens can contain components, but screens will never contain other screens (they _could_, I just think this is bad practice). Screens are also the only components that are wrapped by react-redux's connect function. Components are used by screens and other components. They receive app state from Screens, and render themselves accordingly. This app is built with Redux, and as such has Actions, Reducers, and a single Store. Actions have been split to their respective domains, such as activities, bikes, components, ect., and those actions live in xxxxActions.js respectively. These actions dispatch events that the xxxxReducer.js listens to, updating the app state in the Store. There are some other building blocks here such as config (defines colours, component configuration, text style), messaging (functions for handling push notifications), ratings (for in-app ratings), and firebase (singleton for the firebase connection), and assets (images), but the core of the app is comprised of Screens, Components, Actions, Reducers, and the Store & Navigator.

There is obviously a lot missing here - you don't have the native Android or iOS project shells, you don't have access to the Firebase backend, and this code will never build (I haven't even included the main package.json actually). But from it you should be able to grok that I appreciate a well structured project, make every attempt to write clean code (even when it is just for my eyes!), and can build a reasonably sophisticated project from first commit to launch. 

I look forward to talking more.
